okay the iphone 12 pro max this
is apple's flagship this is their
biggest the
most expensive most feature-rich phone
that they brought out this year
and it's a big one if you've been
interested in this phone because
you're interested in like the camera
upgrade or the screen size
i highly recommend going into a store to
kind of feel it out before you commit to
it because it's a
it's a big phone in your hands it's a
long phone but it's the
width combined with that flat edge that
just makes it feel a little bit bigger
in your hands than you might expect
now on the back the camera cluster is
also a little bit larger than the 12 pro
because it's housing
an improved camera system and this unit
is in this
new gold color and i gotta say ever
since gold phones became
a thing i've never liked the color
of gold that phones have had even older
iphones like they just
there's always been something weird
about the gold colors on phones like
they don't look
gold they're either too yellow or too
vibrant like it's never looked like real
gold
but this year the technique or
manufacturing process that they've used
to achieve this color
is on points because this looks like a
real gold if you compared to gold
jewelry this is
very similar in color to actual gold so
if that's your jam then
this is a nice gold so the screen is big
6.1 inches and because it's relatively
large there's this
optical illusion as if the bezels and
the notch are smaller they're not
they're the same size as the regular 12
pro
but it's a really nice screen the
reachability isn't great for me like i
have pretty average sized hands i'd say
and going across is okay but going up
and down is just tough but i'm someone
who likes small phones so i'm probably
not the best person to ask about it
the speaker system these sound the best
of the four phones that launched this
year this has like the richest and kind
of best
overall sound but i wouldn't say that
the difference is massive though right
even compared to the mini which is
arguably the worst of the bunch they're
all good sounding this is just
ever so slightly better the battery life
on the pro max is great
it's the longest lasting of all the
iphone 12s like you'd expect right it's
the biggest phone with the biggest
battery but i think a lot of people
can get a comfortable two days of real
use with this phone
it's just a really big battery okay
let's move on to the camera system
because that is the
most important conversation to be had
about the iphone 12
pro max so there's three kind of
upgrades or three kind of differences
between this camera system and the one
you see
on the pro max well like three main ones
the first one is the bigger sensor it's
a new sensor
it's 47 bigger that's very significant
in the world of like
camera sensors technology when you bump
up to like
a 47 increase in sensor size that's like
a
it's like a jump up in camera tier it's
usually quite significant
the second thing is that that new sensor
is stabilized
so normally in a modern smartphone when
you have any kind of image stabilization
on a phone
you'll have the glass elements in front
of the sensor and that's what the camera
system is moving around
to compensate for your movements and
just try to keep your images as clean as
possible right
but with this system they're moving the
sensor and the theory behind is that
because
a sensor is lighter than the glass
elements
the image stabilization should be
quicker and better
and then the third change they've done
is they've now added a 65 millimeter
telephoto lens instead of 52. you just
get a little more
zoom range you can punch in a little bit
tighter on your shots
so in good lighting conditions it's not
a huge difference
but the images are a little bit sharper
and it's got better dynamic range
than the regular 12 pro i do have to
zoom in and i do have to look for it
right if i'm looking at these images
just
side by side i'm not trying to do a
comparison they're both good
i think it's kind of a testament to how
good the 12 like the regular 12 and the
12 pro shoot right now
but the 12 pro max is ever so slightly
better
but the differences are more pronounced
in low light conditions so the iphone 12
pro max
with its bigger sensor and that improved
image stabilization
it shoots cleaner photos in low light
than the 12 pro some of that might come
from the sensor some of that might come
from the
improved stabilization but the
difference isn't
massive if i had to give it like a
percentage improvement over the 12 pro
on that main sensor i'd say like
10 15 better the thing i was a little
bit confused about though is like on the
website i saw that number that said
87 improvement but that's referring to
the older iphone
11 pro not the 12 pro so i was a little
bit confused by that
it's a step up from the 12 pro but it's
not 87
now stabilization in video is very
noticeable
it's smoother it's more fluid it feels
more properly tuned like your video just
kind of glides into position instead of
snapping around as much
especially if you move quickly like
iphone's videos have always
been one of the best maybe the best and
this just separates it
that much further the 12 pro max has a
really nice stabilization system
now the telephoto lens it does exactly
what you would expect right 2.5x zoom
you can stand a little bit further away
and shoot a little bit closer i found
this raccoon in my garbage bin
and you know just being able to be a
little bit further away to capture
pictures of this guy in case he was
going to leap out at my face
but the image quality between the 12 pro
and the 12 pro max
seem quite similar obviously you just
get a little bit more zoom with the
65 millimeter on the pro max so the
question you might have at this point
is whether or not it's worth picking up
the 12 pro max just for the camera
system
alone right if you're someone who wanted
a smaller phone you like the 12 pro you
like the size
but at the same time you want the best
possible camera system is it worth
paying the extra hundred dollars
and forcing yourself to use a larger
phone just for that camera system
and obviously your needs and wants are
going to be a stronger indicator of
which one you should get but
my opinion on it is this the 12 pro
this year the the neural engine the
deep fusion tech that's happening in
here is really good
it's so good to the point where it
almost compensates for the lack of
hardware right
obviously the 12 pro max has the best
possible hardware
best sensor best lens but this does
a really good job it gets really close
it's only like really tough shooting
conditions
that the 12 pro max starts to really
shine
the other thing that comes to mind
though is that i wouldn't be surprised
if
the camera system that's in the 12 pro
max
could have or would have made it into
the 12 pro
under different conditions like maybe
they didn't have the right
production yields or maybe because of
the pandemic they couldn't make it
happen but
i wouldn't be surprised if next year
they put the same camera system into
both phones it's both
pro phones like the big one and the
small one so the point i'm trying to
make though is that
if you want a small phone and you kind
of
you know you just you want the best
camera system but you really don't want
the big phone
i think next year i mean i always say
this next year but i think next year
we'll have
the the same camera system between the
two phones if that's
a value to you okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it subs if you loved it
i'll see you guys next time